PCP-6628 - Gen 2 VM Support on AKS clusters (#10482)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/release-notes/release-notes.md

#### Features

<!-- https://spectrocloud.atlassian.net/browse/PCP-5930 -->

- Palette now supports deployment of
  [Generation 2 (Gen 2) Azure VMs](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/generation-2) on Azure

>   Kubernetes Service (AKS) clusters. When you select an instance type that supports Gen 2 (for example,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  [Generation 2 (Gen 2) Azure VMs](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/generation-2) on AKS clusters. When you select an instance type that supports Gen 2 (for example,
```

We don't spell these out anymore :P
